README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

here i added complite compounent and setup for my project

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Bookstore: CMS

> Description the project.


## Built With

- html, css, javascript
- React
- Redux

## Live Demo (if available)

[caming soon...](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**Bookstore CMS is an app built with REACT | REACT-ROUTER ,here a user can add, track status, update and delete their preferred book choice**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
npm should be insalled in your local machine
### Setup
step 1: clone the repo ()
step 2: cd into the repo
step 3: run npm install
step 4: run npm start
step 5: open your browser and type localhost:3000
step 6: enjoy the app
### Install
npm install
npm start
npm run build
npm run eject
### Usage
use the app to add, track status, update and delete your preferred book choice
### Run tests
to run tests, run npm test
### Deployment

Deployed to GITHUB-PAGES

## Authors

👤 **SOULEMANOU KUNCHIEFUH**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/soulemanou-software)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Mr_babanou_237)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/soulemanou-kunchiefuh-babanou-5a6b3b1b3/)
## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
